--ISport project outline and feature list--

--Goals--
    1. Continue practicing Python/Flask.  
    2. Design Project using MVC from the modularization section 
    3. Take time to focus on learning more about classes and ORM's
    4. Take design ideas and practices to the group project

--Tech used-- 
    1. HTML
    2. CSS
    3. JQuery
    4. Python
    5. Flask
    6. SqlAlchemy
    7. SQLite
    8. AJAX (This is optional if time allows)

--Workflow--
    1. Establish front end first
    2. Build out sql tables using classes
    3. Fully complete login/registration (Should be able to complete quickly)
    4. build backend route redirects/rendertemplates so each page is accessible using RESTful routing
    5. Working from the home page move through the other webpages building/testing features until the       project is completed  


--Page feature list--
    Note: only listing key features below

(Login/registration) 
    1. Page should be created with login/registration from DojoTweets.  

    Note: See if you can figure out how to add a calendar so the user can click instead of typing in their birthdate. 

(Home page)
    1. Page redirects located at top
    2. User specific activities located on this page
    3. Upper right corner should have an account page redirect that will display message notification if any 
    4. Two tables; upper table should display if an event is being done that day lower table should display future events

(Event Search)
    1. Page redirects at top
    2. Search function should be accessible via text input (keyword) and dropdown menu(field type)
    3. Table should update both member section and the action section (reference wireframe for more details)(added some styling from w3 schools)
    4. Multiple pages should redirect event's listed within the table. (try to implement this using AJAX so page doesn't have to reload each time) 
    5. Right now clicking "join" adds the user to the event and redirects to that specific events page.  If there is time change it so join redirects to event details then add a join option to that page so the user can see details before deciding. 

(Event Info)
    1. Page redirects at top
    2. 3 different sections for info (reference wireframe for ideas)(Added clickable vertical tabs to display info idea still needs lots of work and needs to be updated with correct info)
    3. Message board located at the bottom of the screen

    Note: Encountered an issue where location could be too large a database to handle for this project.  For now I am going to select a region with 10 parks and store a google maps image with the park showing.  

(User info)
    1. Profile info should only be accessible to user logged in. 
    2. Page redirects at top of page
    4. text display of upcoming events
    5. Option to upload photo (ajax if possible or just use a page redirect if time is limited)

